Add tessa's changes, clean up comments/signposting, missing citations, and add abstract (#10)
taylorreiter/2021-paper-metapangenomes: content/01.abstract.md

## Abstract {.page_break_before}

Microbial pangenomes reflect the metabolic diversity of groups of organisms.
As *de novo* metagenome analysis techniques have matured and reference genome databases have expanded, metapangenome analysis has risen in popularity as a tool to organize the functional potential of organisms in relation to the environment from which those organisms were sampled.
However, the reliance on assembly and binning or on reference databases often leaves substantial portions of metagenomes unanalyzed, thereby underestimating the functional potential of a community.

> To improve this problem, we present a method for metapangenomics that relies on protein k-mers (k~aa~-mers) and metagenome assembly graph queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To address this challenge, we present a method for metapangenomics that relies on protein k-mers (k~aa~-mers) and metagenome assembly graph queries.
```

don't love my suggestion, but I don't think we want to improve a problem, either 😜
